# T_006 (Practice Test 6)

#### Q1. Which of the statements is correct when choosing between lakehouse and Datawarehouse?

a) Traditional Data warehouses have special indexes which are optimized for Machine learning

b) Traditional Data warehouses can serve low query latency with high reliability for BI workloads

c) SQL support is only available for Traditional Datawarehouse’s, Lakehouses support Python and Scala

d) Traditional Data warehouses are the preferred choice if we need to support 

e) ACID, Lakehouse does not support ACID.

f) ***Lakehouse replaces the current dependency on data lakes and data warehouses uses an open standard storage format and supports low latency BI workloads.***


**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q2. Where are Interactive notebook results stored in Databricks product architecture?

a) Data plane

b) Control plane

c) ***Data and Control plane***

d) JDBC data source

e) Databricks web application

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q3. Which of the following statements are true about a lakehouse?

a) Lakehouse only supports Machine learning workloads and Data warehouses support BI workloads

b) Lakehouse only supports end-to-end streaming workloads and Data warehouses support Batch workloads

c) Lakehouse does not support ACID

d) Lakehouse do not support SQL

e) ***Lakehouse supports Transactions***

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q4. You would like to build a spark streaming process to read from a Kafka queue and write to a Delta table every 15 minutes, what is the correct trigger option

a) trigger("15 minutes")

b) trigger(process "15 minutes")

c) trigger(processingTime = 15)

d) ***trigger(processingTime = "15 Minutes")***

e) trigger(15)

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q5. Kevin is the owner of the schema sales, Steve wanted to create new table in sales schema called regional_sales so Kevin grants the create table permissions to Steve. Steve creates the new table called regional_sales in sales schema, who is the owner of the table regional_sales

a) Kevin is the owner of sales schema, all the tables in the schema will be owned by Kevin

b) ***Steve is the owner of the table***

c) By default ownership is assigned DBO

d) By default ownership is assigned to DEFAULT_OWNER

e) Kevin and Smith both are owners of table

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q6. Which of the following scenarios is the best fit for the AUTO LOADER solution?

a) ***Efficiently process new data incrementally from cloud object storage***

b) Incrementally process new streaming data from Apache Kafa into delta lake

c) Incrementally process new data from relational databases like MySQL

d) Efficiently copy data from data lake location to another data lake location

e) Efficiently move data incrementally from one delta table to another delta table

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q7. You had AUTO LOADER to process millions of files a day and noticed slowness in load process, so you scaled up the Databricks cluster but realized the performance of the Auto loader is still not improving, what is the best way to resolve this.

a) AUTO LOADER is not suitable to process millions of files a day

b) Setup a second AUTO LOADER process to process the data

c) ***Increase the maxFilesPerTrigger option to a sufficiently high number***

d) Copy the data from cloud storage to local disk on the cluster for faster access

e) Merge files to one large file

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q8. The current ELT pipeline is receiving data from the operations team once a day so you had setup an AUTO LOADER process to run once a day using trigger (Once = True) and scheduled a job to run once a day, operations team recently rolled out a new feature that allows them to send data every 1 min, what changes do you need to make to AUTO LOADER to process the data every 1 min.

a) Convert AUTO LOADER to structured streaming

b) ***Change AUTO LOADER trigger to .trigger(ProcessingTime = "1 minute")***

c) Setup a job cluster run the notebook once a minute

d) Enable stream processing

e) Change AUTO LOADER trigger to ("1 minute")

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q9. What is the purpose of the bronze layer in a Multi-hop Medallion architecture?

a) ***Copy of raw data, easy to query and ingest data for downstream processes.***

b) Powers ML applications

c) Data quality checks, corrupt data quarantined

d) Contain aggregated data that is to be consumed into Silver

e) Reduces data storage by compressing the data

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q10. What is the purpose of the silver layer in a Multi hop architecture?

a) Replaces a traditional data lake

b) Efficient storage and querying of full, unprocessed history of data

c) ***Eliminates duplicate data, quarantines bad data***

d) Refined views with aggregated data

e) Optimized query performance for business-critical data

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q11. What is the purpose of gold layer in Multi hop architecture?

a) Optimizes ETL throughput and analytic query performance

b) Eliminate duplicate records

c) Preserves grain of original data, without any aggregations

d) Data quality checks and schema enforcement

e) ***Optimized query performance for business-critical data***


**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q12. The Delta Live Tables Pipeline is configured to run in Development mode using the Triggered Pipeline Mode. what is the expected outcome after clicking Start to update the pipeline?

a) All datasets will be updated once and the pipeline will shut down. The compute resources will be terminated

b) All datasets will be updated at set intervals until the pipeline is shut down. The compute resources will be deployed for the update and terminated when the pipeline is stopped

c) All datasets will be updated at set intervals until the pipeline is shut down. The compute resources will persist after the pipeline is stopped to allow for additional development and testing

d) ***All datasets will be updated once and the pipeline will shut down. The compute resources will persist to allow for additional development and testing***

e) All datasets will be updated continuously and the pipeline will not shut down. The compute resources will persist with the pipeline

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q13. The Delta Live Table Pipeline is configured to run in Production mode using the continuous Pipeline Mode. what is the expected outcome after clicking Start to update the pipeline?

a) All datasets will be updated once and the pipeline will shut down. The compute resources will be terminated

b) All datasets will be updated at set intervals until the pipeline is shut down. The compute resources will be deployed for the update and terminated when the pipeline is stopped

c) All datasets will be updated at set intervals until the pipeline is shut down. The compute resources will persist after the pipeline is stopped to allow for additional testing

d) All datasets will be updated once and the pipeline will shut down. The compute resources will persist to allow for additional testing

e) ***All datasets will be updated continuously and the pipeline will not shut down. The compute resources will persist with the pipeline***

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q14. You are working to set up two notebooks to run on a schedule, the second notebook is dependent on the first notebook but both notebooks need different types of compute to run in an optimal fashion, what is the best way to set up these notebooks as jobs?

a) Use DELTA LIVE PIPELINES instead of notebook tasks

b) A Job can only use single cluster, setup job for each notebook and use job dependency to link both jobs together

c) ***Each task can use different cluster, add these two notebooks as two tasks in a single job with linear dependency and modify the cluster as needed for each of the tasks***

d) Use a single job to setup both notebooks as individual tasks, but use the cluster API to setup the second cluster before the start of second task

e) Use a very large cluster to run both the tasks in a single job

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q15. You are tasked to set up a set notebook as a job for six departments and each department can run the task parallelly, the notebook takes an input parameter dept number to process the data by department, how do you go about to setup this up in job?

a) Use a single notebook as task in the job and use dbutils.notebook.run to run each notebook with parameter in a different cell

b) A task in the job cannot take an input parameter, create six notebooks with hardcoded dept number and setup six tasks with linear dependency in the job

c) ***A task accepts key-value pair parameters, creates six tasks pass department number as parameter foreach task with no dependency in the job as they can all run in parallel.***

d) A parameter can only be passed at the job level, create six jobs pass department number to each job with linear job dependency

e) A parameter can only be passed at the job level, create six jobs pass department number to each job with no job dependency

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q16. You are asked to setup two tasks in a databricks job, the first task runs a notebook to download the data from a remote system, and the second task is a DLT pipeline that can process this data, how do you plan to configure this in Jobs UI

a) Single job cannot have a notebook task and DLT Pipeline task, use two different jobs with linear dependency.

b) Jobs UI does not support DTL pipeline, setup the first task using jobs UI and setup the DLT to run in continuous mode.

c) Jobs UI does not support DTL pipeline, setup the first task using jobs UI and setup the DLT to run in trigger mode.

d) ***Single job can be used to setup both notebook and DLT pipeline, use two different tasks with linear dependency.***

e) Add first step in the DLT pipeline and run the DLT pipeline as triggered mode in JOBS UI

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q17. You are asked to set up an alert to notify in an email every time a KPI indicater increases beyond a threshold value, team also asked you to include the actual value in the alert email notification.

a) Use notebook and python code to run every minute, using python variables to capture send the information in an email

b) Setup an alert but use the default template to notify the message in email’s subject

c) ***Setup an alert but use the custom template to notify the message in email’s subject***

d) Use the webhook destination instead so alert message can be customized

e) Use custom email hook to customize the message

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q18. Operations team is using a centralized data quality monitoring system, a user can publish data quality metrics through a webhook, you were asked to develop a process to send messages using a webhook if there is atleast one duplicate record, which of the following approaches can be taken to integrate an alert with current data quality monitoring system

a) Use notebook and Jobs to use python to publish DQ metrics

b) Setup an alert to send an email, use python to parse email, and publish a webhook message

c) Setup an alert with custom template

d) ***Setup an alert with custom Webhook destination***

e) Setup an alert with dynamic template

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q19. You are currently working with the application team to setup a SQL Endpoint point, once the team started consuming the SQL Endpoint you noticed that during peak hours as the number of concurrent users increases you are seeing degradation in the query performance and the same queries are taking longer to run, which of the following steps can be taken to resolve the issue?

a) They can turn on the Serverless feature for the SQL endpoint.

b) ***They can increase the maximum bound of the SQL endpoint’s scaling range.***

c) They can increase the cluster size(2X-Small to 4X-Large) of the SQL endpoint.

d) They can turn on the Auto Stop feature for the SQL endpoint.

e) They can turn on the Serverless feature for the SQL endpoint and change the Spot Instance Policy from “Cost optimized” to “Reliability Optimized.”

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q20. The data engineering team is using a bunch of SQL queries to review data quality and monitor the ETL job every day, which of the following approaches can be used to set up a schedule and automate this process?

a) They can schedule the query to run every 1 day from the Jobs UI

b) ***They can schedule the query to refresh every 1 day from the query’s page in Databricks SQL.***

c) They can schedule the query to run every 12 hours from the Jobs UI.

d) They can schedule the query to refresh every 1 day from the SQL endpoint’s page in Databricks SQL.

e) They can schedule the query to refresh every 12 hours from the SQL endpoint’s page in Databricks SQL

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q21. In order to use Unity catalog features, which of the following steps needs to be taken on managed/external tables in the Databricks workspace?

a) Enable unity catalog feature in workspace settings

b) ***Migrate/upgrade objects in workspace managed/external tables/view to unity catalog***

c) AUpgrade to DBR version 15.0

d) Copy data from workspace to unity catalog

e) Upgrade workspace to Unity catalog


**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q22. What is the top-level object in unity catalog?

a) Catalog

b) Table

c) Workspace

d) Database

e) ***Metastore***

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q23. One of the team members Steve who has the ability to create views, created a new view called regional_sales_vw on the existing table called sales which is owned by John, and the second team member Kevin who works with regional sales managers wanted to query the data in regional_sales_vw, so Steve granted the permission to Kevin using command

> GRANT VIEW, USAGE ON regional_sales_vw to kevin@company.com but Kevin is still unable to access the view?

a) Kevin needs select access on the table sales

b) Kevin needs owner access on the view regional_sales_vw

c) ***Steve is not the owner of the sales table***

d) Kevin is not the owner of the sales table

e) Table access control is not enabled on the table and view

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q24. You were asked to setup a new all-purpose cluster, but the cluster is unable to start which of the following steps do you need to take to identify the root cause of the issue and the reason why the cluster was unable to start?

a) Check the cluster driver logs

b) ***Check the cluster event logs***

c) Workspace logs

d) Storage account

e) Data plane

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q25. When you drop a managed table using SQL syntax `DROP TABLE table_name` how does it impact metadata, history, and data stored in the table?

a) ***Drops table from meta store, drops metadata, history, and data in storage.***

b) Drops table from meta store and data from storage but keeps metadata and history in storage

c) Drops table from meta store, meta data and history but keeps the data in storage

d) Drops table but keeps meta data, history and data in storage

e) Drops table and history but keeps meta data and data in storage

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q26. Which of the following developer operations in CI/CD flow can be implemented in Databricks Repos?

a) Delete branch

b) Trigger Databricks CICD pipeline

c) ***Commit and push code***

d) Create a pull request

e) Approve the pull request

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q27. You noticed that a team member started using an all-purpose cluster to develop a notebook and used the same all-purpose cluster to set up a job that can run every 30 mins so they can update underlying tables which are used in a dashboard. What would you recommend for reducing the overall cost of this approach?

a) Reduce the size of the cluster

b) Reduce the number of nodes and enable auto scale

c) Enable auto termination after 30 mins

d) ***Change the cluster all-purpose to job cluster when scheduling the job***

e) Change the cluster mode from all-purpose to single-mode

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q28. Which of the following commands can be used to run one notebook from another notebook?

a) notebook.utils.run("full notebook path")

b) execute.utils.run("full notebook path")

c) ***dbutils.notebook.run("full notebook path")***

d) only job clusters can run notebook

e) spark.notebook.run("full notebook path")

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q29. Which of the following SQL command can be used to insert or update or delete rows based on a condition to check if a row(s) exists?

a) ***`MERGE INTO table_name`***

b) `COPY INTO table_name`

c) `UPDATE table_name`

d) `INSERT INTO OVERWRITE table_name`

e) `INSERT IF EXISTS table_name`

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q30. When investigating a data issue you realized that a process accidentally updated the table,  you want to query the same table with yesterday's version of the data so you can review what the prior version looks like, what is the best way to query historical data so you can do your analysis?

a) `SELECT * FROM TIME_TRAVEL(table_name) WHERE time_stamp = 'timestamp'`

b) `TIME_TRAVEL FROM table_name WHERE time_stamp = date_sub(current_date(), 1)`

c) ***`SELECT * FROM table_name TIMESTAMP AS OF date_sub(current_date(), 1)`***

d) `DISCRIBE HISTORY table_name AS OF date_sub(current_date(), 1)`

e) `SHOW HISTORY table_name AS OF date_sub(current_date(), 1)`

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q31. While investigating a data issue, you wanted to review yesterday's version of the table using below command, while querying the previous version of the table using time travel you realized that you are no longer able to view the historical data in the table and you could see it the table was updated yesterday based on the table history(DESCRIBE HISTORY table_name) command what could be the reason why you can not access this data?

> SELECT * FROM table_name TIMESTAMP AS OF date_sub(current_date(), 1)

a) You currently do not have access to view historical data

b) By default, historical data is cleaned every 180 days in DELTA

c) ***A command VACUUM table_name RETAIN 0 was ran on the table***

d) Time travel is disabled

e) Time travel must be enabled before you query previous data


**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q32. You have accidentally deleted records from a table called transactions, what is the easiest way to restore the records deleted or the previous state of the table? Prior to deleting the version of the table is 3 and after delete the version of the table is 4.

a) `RESTORE TABLE transactions FROM VERSION as of 4`

b) ***`RESTORE TABLE transactions TO VERSION as of 3`***

c) 
> 1.INSERT INTO OVERWRITE transactions
2.SELECT * FROM transactions VERSION AS OF 3
3.MINUS
4.SELECT * FROM transactions

d) 
> 1.INSERT INTO OVERWRITE transactions
2.SELECT * FROM transactions VERSION AS OF 4
3.INTERSECT
4.SELECT * FROM transactions

e) `COPY OVERWRITE transactions from VERSION as of 3`

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q33. Create a schema called bronze using location ‘/mnt/delta/bronze’, and check if the schema exists before creating.

a) ***`CREATE SCHEMA IF NOT EXISTS bronze LOCATION '/mnt/delta/bronze'`***

b) `CREATE SCHEMA bronze IF NOT EXISTS LOCATION '/mnt/delta/bronze'`

c) `if IS_SCHEMA('bronze'): CREATE SCHEMA bronze LOCATION '/mnt/delta/bronze'`

d) Schema creation is not available in metastore, it can only be done in Unity catalog UI

e) Cannot create schema without a database

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q34. How do you check the location of an existing schema in Delta Lake? 

a) Run SQL command SHOW LOCATION schema_name

b) Check unity catalog UI

c) Use Data explorer

d) ***Run SQL command DESCRIBE SCHEMA EXTENDED schema_name***

e) Schemas are internally in-store external hive meta stores like MySQL or SQL Server

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q35. Which of the below SQL commands create a Global temporary view? 

a) 
```
1.CREATE OR REPLACE TEMPORARY VIEW view_name
2.    AS SELECT * FROM table_name
```

b) 
```
1. CREATE OR REPLACE LOCAL TEMPORARY VIEW view_name
2.    AS SELECT * FROM table_name
```

c) ***CORRECT ANSWER***
```
1. CREATE OR REPLACE GLOBAL TEMPORARY VIEW view_name
2.    AS SELECT * FROM table_name
```

d) 
```
1. CREATE OR REPLACE VIEW view_name
2.    AS SELECT * FROM table_name
```

e) 
```
1. CREATE OR REPLACE LOCAL VIEW view_name
2.    AS SELECT * FROM table_name
```

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q36. The below spark command is looking to create a summary table based customerId and the number of times the customerId is present in the event_log delta table and write a one-time micro-batch to a summary table, fill in the blanks to complete the query.

```
1.spark._________
2.  .format("delta")
3.  .table("events_log")
4.  .groupBy("customerId")
5.  .count()
6.  ._______
7.  .format("delta")
8.  .outputMode("complete")
9.  .option("checkpointLocation", "/tmp/delta/eventsByCustomer/_checkpoints/")
10.  .trigger(______)
11.  .table("target_table")
```

a) writeStream, readStream, once

b) readStream, writeStream, once

c) writeStream, processingTime = once

d) writeStream, readStream, once = True

e) ***readStream, writeStream, once = True***

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q37. The team has decided to take advantage of table properties to identify a business owner for each table, which of the following table DDL syntax allows you to populate a table property identifying the business owner of a table

a) 
```
CREATE TABLE inventory (id INT, units FLOAT)
SET TBLPROPERTIES business_owner = 'supply chain'
```

b) ***CORRECT***
```
CREATE TABLE inventory (id INT, units FLOAT)
TBLPROPERTIES (business_owner = 'supply chain')
```

c) 
```
CREATE TABLE inventory (id INT, units FLOAT)
SET (business_owner = ‘supply chain’)
```

d) 
```
CREATE TABLE inventory (id INT, units FLOAT)
SET PROPERTY (business_owner = ‘supply chain’)
```

e) 
```
CREATE TABLE inventory (id INT, units FLOAT)
SET TAG (business_owner = ‘supply chain’)
```

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q38. Data science team has requested they are missing a column in the table called average price, this can be calculated using units sold and sales amt, which of the following SQL statements allow you to reload the data with additional column

a) 
```
1. INSERT OVERWRITE sales
2. SELECT *, salesAmt/unitsSold as avgPrice FROM sales
```

b) ***CORRECT***
```
1. CREATE OR REPLACE TABLE sales
2. AS SELECT *, salesAmt/unitsSold as avgPrice FROM sales
```

c) `MERGE INTO sales USING (SELECT *, salesAmt/unitsSold as avgPrice FROM sales)`

d) `OVERWRITE sales AS SELECT *, salesAmt/unitsSold as avgPrice FROM sales`

e) `COPY INTO SALES AS SELECT *, salesAmt/unitsSold as avgPrice FROM sales`

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q39. You are working on a process to load external CSV files into a delta table by leveraging the COPY INTO command, but after running the command for the second time no data was loaded into the table name, why is that?

```
1.COPY INTO table_name
2.FROM 'dbfs:/mnt/raw/*.csv'
3.FILEFORMAT = CSV
```

a) COPY INTO only works one time data load

b) Run REFRESH TABLE sales before running COPY INTO

c) ***COPY INTO did not detect new files after the last load***

d) Use incremental = TRUE option to load new files

e) COPY INTO does not support incremental load, use AUTO LOADER

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q40. What is the main difference between the below two commands?

```
1.INSERT OVERWRITE table_name
2.SELECT * FROM table
```

```
1.CREATE OR REPLACE TABLE table_name
2.AS SELECT * FROM table
```

a) ***INSERT OVERWRITE replaces data by default, CREATE OR REPLACE replaces data and Schema by default***

b) INSERT OVERWRITE replaces data and schema by default, CREATE OR REPLACEreplaces data by default

c) INSERT OVERWRITE maintains historical data versions by default, CREATE OR REPLACEclears the historical data versions by default

d) INSERT OVERWRITE clears historical data versions by default, CREATE OR REPLACE maintains the historical data versions by default

e) Both are same and results in identical outcomes

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q41. Which of the following functions can be used to convert JSON string to Struct data type?

a) TO_STRUCT (json value)

b) FROM_JSON (json value)

c) ***FROM_JSON (json value, schema of json)***

d) CONVERT (json value, schema of json)

e) CAST (json value as STRUCT)


**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q42. You are working on a marketing team request to identify customers with the same information between two tables CUSTOMERS_2021 and CUSTOMERS_2020 each table contains 25 columns with the same schema, You are looking to identify rows that match between two tables across all columns, which of the following can be used to perform in SQL

a) 
```
1.SELECT * FROM CUSTOMERS_2021 
2. UNION
3.SELECT * FROM CUSTOMERS_2020
```

b) 
```
1.SELECT * FROM CUSTOMERS_2021 
2. UNION ALL
3.SELECT * FROM CUSTOMERS_2020
```

c) 
```
1.SELECT * FROM CUSTOMERS_2021 C1
2.INNER JOIN CUSTOMERS_2020 C2
3.ON C1.CUSTOMER_ID = C2.CUSTOMER_ID
```

d) ***CORRECT***
```
1.SELECT * FROM CUSTOMERS_2021 
2. INTERSECT
3.SELECT * FROM CUSTOMERS_2020
```

e) 
```
1.SELECT * FROM CUSTOMERS_2021 
2.EXCEPT
3.SELECT * FROM CUSTOMERS_2020
```

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q43. You are looking to process the data based on two variables, one to check if the department is supply chain and second to check if process flag is set to True

a) `if department = “supply chain” & process:`

b) `if department == “supply chain” && process:`

c) `if department == “supply chain” & process == TRUE:`

d) `if department == “supply chain” & if process == TRUE:`

e) ***`if department == "supply chain" and process:`***

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q44. You were asked to create a notebook that can take department as a parameter and process the data accordingly, which is the following statements result in storing the notebook parameter into a python variable

a) `SET department = dbutils.widget.get("department")`

b) `ASSIGN department == dbutils.widget.get("department")`

c) ***`department = dbutils.widget.get("department")`***

d) `department = notebook.widget.get("department")`

e) `department = notebook.param.get("department")`

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

#### Q45. Which of the following statements can successfully read the notebook widget and pass the python variable to a SQL statement in a Python notebook cell?

a) 
```
1.order_date  = dbutils.widgets.get("widget_order_date")
2. 
3.spark.sql(f"SELECT * FROM sales WHERE orderDate = 'f{order_date }'") 
```

b) 
```
1.order_date  = dbutils.widgets.get("widget_order_date")
2. 
3.spark.sql(f"SELECT * FROM sales WHERE orderDate = 'order_date' ") 
```

c) 
```
1.order_date  = dbutils.widgets.get("widget_order_date")
2. 
3.spark.sql(f”SELECT * FROM sales WHERE orderDate = '${order_date }' ") 
```

d) ***CORRECT***
```
1.order_date  = dbutils.widgets.get("widget_order_date")
2. 
3.spark.sql(f"SELECT * FROM sales WHERE orderDate = '{order_date}' ") 
```

e) 
```
1.order_date  = dbutils.widgets.get("widget_order_date")
2. 
3.spark.sql("SELECT * FROM sales WHERE orderDate = order_date") 
```

**Overall explanation**


```
Domain
Databricks Lakehouse Platform
```

<br />

